We we're almost finished our application is taking shape and services really improved it.
Now I want to do something here on the recipe section of what each recipe to have some ingredients so
we need to implement this and there after I want to make these two shopping list button to work so that
we can send our ingredients to the shopping list so to do this what I will do is first of all I will
work on the recipe model.
It should not also have ingredients.
So this will be of type.
Ingredient Auray ingredient of course needs to be imported from the respective model of file in the
shared folder.
And when we create a new instance of this model I expect to get some ingredients here.
Again this will be of type ingredient array so that here we can assign ingredients equal to the ingredients
we get as an argument here.
So if we are prepared to have some ingredients now in the recipe service I also need to add something
here.
So when we create a new recipe and are simply structured as over multiple lines to make it easier to
read I also and I will pass an array of ingredients the same for the second recipe here.
And now I guess it's time to also turn this into some real recipes.
So let me quickly do this.
So I quickly changed the pictures in the text to have a schnitzel and a burger here and now let's add
something radiant here in this array of ingredients we can use the Ingredion constructor for this.
And of course we need to import the ingredient type from the model file located in the shared folder
for that.
And now for the Schnitz let's say we need to meet with an amount of one maybe.
And then we also want to have some French fries here let's say exactly 20 with one extra would probably
not taste.
Well I guess so.
Now with deprave or burger year we need a new ingredient we need the buns.
So the bread basically let's say a 2.
And we also want to have the meat here of course.
Feel free to add more ingredients.
So now that we added dead in the recipe detailed component here where we have these ingredients placeholder
way we can actually now output them here.
So let's add something here let's add an ordered list with a class of liest group.
And now here I want to add a list group item this item here will actually be replicated because again
this will of course be my ingredient.
So your and you for and now it will loop through all the ingredients so ingredient off.
And now all recipe ingredients of course because remember in the recipe detail component we have a recipe
that has some ingredients since a couple of seconds at least.
So now we can simply use string intercalation your to output the ingredient name and then maybe separate
by a dash the amount.
Of course any format you like.
So that's the first step.
Now we select the recipe we see a list of ingredients at the bottom.
Now I want to send DS to the shopping list.
If I click these two shopping list button.
So that is what will work on in the next lecture.